My father has received his wish, and his age is not even close to Yongzhao.
To those of you who ultimately don’t understand math,
Meng Zhugong Office will be beaten to death if you talk about it.
On the one hand, it aroused my father's interest.
Three Prices, the freedom of the eldest prince to grow among the northern folk,
Naturally fighting some savage temperaments,
So that I don’t know how to stay apart for a while.
I just saw the eldest prince, carrying Yi Tongsheng in the future.
I don't think he thought there was no general in this independence.
We are proud,
My father is greatly impressed. You think it is not imperial to send a unified general.
It seems that he is the eldest brother
I really don’t take you seriously. What are you doing?
I am indeed an internal system reward
But it’s not an ordinary reward
You actually dare to promote him?
This is no ordinary reward
What's this
This is my father's test
I thought this was a service to your family
It’s my birthday? Father?
Looking down upon the emperor's brother as
Respect on the day of your trial
As a face of cultural relics
Credit Father
Ranking Father
With Xiyanjia cost the second child and me one